before watching this video I wanted
would advise you my bro channel
montero on his channel you will find the most
quality fragmovie bale warfice
skill gameplay different tricks
reviews on opening boxes of weapons in
cs-go and other other miscellaneous other not
be lazy ass link in annotations and
in the description under the roller in the duty room is not his
gone bright hand want in the video no
saw the video gone do not want yurku video
we want yurka where he died allegiance
bike fell grandmother ate on wire
the pope sat down for a friend there some nights in
interesting games we do not want to show
show yurka well show me the show
this oven cannot be watched alone
macmillana in the game well my little
today Macmillan and will not be
wheel well, at least think of it from the wheel
already good easy cross takes the fifth
place for the usual
brainstorm on pvp do not wait well you
wanted not macmillan hold the wheel
90 percent of the videos send me
with mac milan and
what am I sorry to do well I don't know
Of course I picked up smart videos on
today I can't take MacMillan for so long
very much and very very very very
lot
remember i told you that macmillan is not
will i lie my tastes are specific to you
do not understand and do not know why but this one
I liked the grinder avalon
15 frags guess what the correct term
milano
Well, there was also a deagle once, but this is not
it is considered you want to see the game without
macmillana but you play with poppies about us
no need so let's make a deal
anti-sho sho you take babaskin and take
hands Alpi Well okay so let someone
will cheytac thing is that you already
long ago filled 10 thousand with this weapon
why do you take this macmillan okay
okay jokes a little bit later than
I really liked this video
avalon chose one so small
shaky little house and decided to protect him
there are many exits
windows but still he keeps it with all
this game it shows quite
good accuracy and of well, everything but that
still need a sniper not well of course he
there indiglo good shot fragment of
this I said yes yes yes how could I
forget damn but soon he is there well yet
a little more frags and and all but me already
the text ended it than not doing more
VKontakte write there distract the pancake like
it is connected with the roller but it does
everything can turn a funny joke
added at the end oh well how cool i am
turned out a comedian or
Well, I certainly know that you can
joke and better
oval he is ranked fourth for
what does this video end
in third position we have a harder so there
or drain which makes -11 on d17 and to
sorry he loses that's how it is
In general, only frags can be made and
lose guess what he doesn't have in hand
ear of the other hand
This Macmillan however he also chooses
imagine the house is somehow strange yes all
choose you a house and start there
drag you have to try this tactic a
suddenly lucky but you need 17 but here
nothing complicated just luck and
Accuracy is now one too
interesting moment when a sniper
overturned is about to dext well
what else can save in this situation
for this whole war and you never
pay attention to the weather here
look at the sky how beautiful it is
although yes but why not looking
that the sniper makes the enemy he had
family children okay okay even 00
maybe everything will turn out for the better
his side will cure Maurice no medic there
Well, let's say that I am here, it was
cool triplkill with 2 patrons and he is looking for
your very last victim hard rain
third place we go further
lane nickname death angel barrett bolt
vaio rifle clan-war ripus vs
empire
finally had a chance to see barrett
I’m waiting for action I can’t wait until I
This beam lead forever for credit
currency but what do we see here we
see beautiful minus 5 plus 1 now
will frags lime grenade a good game
good maps great sniper
rifle
Well, I'll probably always praise her
because it's worth playing with her
movie, in principle, skill me he is very
liked but a little to the first place
didn't reach the first place we will have
also bolts to
but what else
Well, the first place is occupied by a shopaholic
1597 playing with someone's lump 200 on
Shopaholic lanes for the round did
minus 8 without letting your prisoner neutralize
I congratulate you and we are the first place
Petya are awarded her an air that's it
Was I want to tell you my little ones
competition which was held in the previous
video, I postponed a little but end up
will be later they will still be when
there will be a movie of the same kind of music
playing in the background you will find in
description under the video and in my group in
contact
go and go there but however I want to say
thank you for not forgetting and waiting
and watching my videos with you was
yurevich
subscribe comment game over